---
title: Meetup in Atlanta July 27 2024
date: 2024-07-27
---

Location: Couch building room 100 (Atlanta)

Time: 2pm to 4pm 

Note: Bring a computer! 


[Get a ticket on eventbrite](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/livecode-data-dancers-learn-tickets-938339126587)

Event details:


Live coding is the act of writing code to create art or music in real time.


Livecoders come from a wide range of backgrounds, and many are self-taught.

The most popular tools are free open source software. Anyone can get started!

Data Dancers offers three kinds of events:



1. Hack! We make or improve stuff
2. Learn! We share what we know to help each other grow
3. Play! Use what you know to have a good time



Read more about us on our website, or join our discord to hop right into the action!


## Outline for July 27 2024


For this Learn session, we have four mini workshops to present!


Two of them are about live coding music,

One is about live coding art,

and one is meta about live coding music or art!


--- 2:00pm ---

Meet & Greet (30 min)

Pull up and pull out your computer.
A Data Dancer can give you a quick intro to live coding while you see who's around.


--- 2:30pm ---

Mini Notation Mini Tutorial (15 min)
by Ian Clester

--- 2:50pm ---

Composition & Structure with Strudel (15 min)
by Luke Heerman

--- 3:10pm ---

Artistic Infinity Mirrors with Hydra (15 min)
by Cortland Mahoney

--- 3:30pm ---

Live coding with an LLM (15 min)

by Bryant O'Hara


--- 3:45pm ---

Planning next meetup & wrap up


## Parking & Entry

Georgia Tech has street parking as well as dedicated parking lots.

The couch bulidilng has a few entrances; look for signs that say "Data Dancers" to point the way.

If you are already inside the couch buillding, it is room 100